Misc review fixes (#4801)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_raster/raster_properties.rst

be visible.
It will be hidden outside this range.
The |mapIdentification| :sup:`Set to current canvas scale` button helps

> you use the current map canvas scale as boundary of the range visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you use the current map canvas scale as a boundary for the range visibility.
```
